+++
title = "Pre-Term 3 Merch Meeting Minutes (25/03/24)"

[taxonomies]
categories = ["Meeting Minutes"]
+++

Programmer socks rerun?! 

<!-- more --> 

## Agenda I: How  
* Most items are 20 - 40 orders 
* May or may not be able to subsidise, need to check SU finance & student activities (email) 
	* Serene will email student activities
	* If we can subsidise, talk to treasurer and see how much can be subsidised (subsidising will increase number of orders)
	* If not, then the merch will be more expensive
	* Can overestimate the number of orders, sell orders at cheaper price, then pay the difference 
* Subsidising exec merch is allowed 
* Tech will work out how merch.uwcs.co.uk functions 
## Agenda II: What
* New Merch Ideas 
	* UWCS fishnets 
	* Keycaps 
		* May not be too popular 
	* Rubber ducks 
		* May be expensive or have a very high minimum order quantity 
		* Will be looked into 
	* Beanie 
		* Was previously looked into, are quite expensive  
	* Badges/keyrings 
		* If not for merch, can be given out as prizes etc 
		* Will look into suppliers 
		* Could do an embroidered keychain design (flat patch with embroidery design on) 
			* Finn is putting example image in merch zone 
	* Tote bags 
		* Harmony's motherboard design (in merch zone)
		* Black design on white/natural background 
		* Talk to DCS about their tote bag supplier (they have tote bags for welcome week etc)
	* Headphone cat ears 
	* UWCS plushie (have a mascot and motto)
	* Notebooks/pens 
	* Iron on patches
* Reorder from last year 
	* Mouse mats
	* Lanyards 
	* Stickers 
		* There's a competition for people to submit designs - should keep this tradition running 
		* Ray will look into printing/cutting with cricut for cheaper production 
	* Socks 
	* Mugs 
* Things not to order this year 
	* Playing cards 
* Exec merch 
	* Last years design is "somewhat cringe"
	* Redesign - more minimalist 
		* Black instead of grey hoodies 
		* Could do a more major redesign of the exec hoodies  
		* Would need to be done in the next few weeks 
		* Exec icons (from discord) on hoodies 
		* Samit will look at redesigning the exec hoodies
	* Maybe do a quarter zip  
* Previous changes 
	* Added hoodies
	* Changed the blue on everything
## Agenda III: When
* Last year, sales opened (1st May) and were closed a little into term (8th May)
	* things took around a month to arrive 
	* If we can open earlier that would be ideal, however will be likely to be the same dates 
* Owen recommends opening over Easter and closing the first week of term
	* Unlikely to happen if we redesign 
## Agenda IV: Other 
* Move milk Mondays to milk midnight at LAN 
* Colour code the keys for the cabinets (will bring washi tape)
